docs: More details about configuration of aws machine image datasource (#14698)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/datasource/aws-machine-image/readme.md

> :warning: **This datasource is _experimental_**: Be aware that its syntax and behavior may change at any time!

> This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API.
> 
> As this datasource relies on the AWS-SDK for JavaScript, the configuration looks similar to other AWS Tools and the common configuration options are supported, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API.

Because the datasource uses the AWS-SDK for JavaScript, you can configure it like other AWS Tools.
You can use common AWS configuration options, for example (partial list):
```

How about something like this?

Author: I like it

> :warning: **This datasource is _experimental_**: Be aware that its syntax and behavior may change at any time!

This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API.

As this datasource relies on the AWS-SDK for JavaScript, the configuration looks similar to other AWS Tools and the common configuration options are supported, for example:

- Setting the region via `AWS_REGION` (environment variable) or your `~/.aws/config` file

> - Provide credentials via `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` (environment variable) or your `~/.aws/credentials` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Provide credentials via `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` (environment variable) or your `~/.aws/credentials` file
```

- Select the profile to use via `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable

> - ...

Reviewer: `- ...` looks like a placeholder for more information. Do you want to add more items to the list?

Author: I could, but there are so many options, that if I mention all, I would have written the docs for the AWS SDK :-) I thought this way I indicate, that the list is not complete. But we can remove the ... or replace it with anything else.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Let's drop the placeholder and say it's a partial list in the text before the list items.

> See [Developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/configuring-the-jssdk.html) for further information on configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [Developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/configuring-the-jssdk.html) for more information on configuration options.
```

> The least IAM privileges required for this datasource are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The least IAM privileges required for this datasource are:
```

```json

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Remove the `...` so that the linter stops complaining. 😉

  {
    "Sid": "AllowEc2ImageLookup",
    "Effect": "Allow",
    "Action": ["ec2:DescribeImages"],
    "Resource": "*"
  },

> ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Same thing here.

```

> See [AWS IAM Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/list_amazonec2.html) for further information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the [AWS IAM Reference](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/service-authorization/latest/reference/list_amazonec2.html) for more information.
```

    This datasource is experimental.
    Its syntax and behavior may change at any time!

This datasource returns the latest [Amazon Machine Image](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/en_en/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/AMIs.html) via the AWS API.

Because the datasource uses the AWS-SDK for JavaScript, you can configure it like other AWS Tools.
You can use common AWS configuration options, for example (partial list):

- Setting the region via `AWS_REGION` (environment variable) or your `~/.aws/config` file
- Provide credentials via `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` (environment variable) or your `~/.aws/credentials` file
- Select the profile to use via `AWS_PROFILE` environment variable

Read the [Developer guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sdk-for-javascript/v3/developer-guide/configuring-the-jssdk.html) for more information on configuration options.

The least IAM privileges required for this datasource are:

```json

>   {
>     "Sid": "AllowEc2ImageLookup",
>     "Effect": "Allow",
>     "Action": ["ec2:DescribeImages"],
>     "Resource": "*"
>   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{
  "Sid": "AllowEc2ImageLookup",
  "Effect": "Allow",
  "Action": ["ec2:DescribeImages"],
  "Resource": "*"
}
```

This should fix the Prettier lint problem. 😄

>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
```

Remove the comma, so it's valid JSON. 😉
